#  Age-related Model for Estimating the Symptomatic and Asymptomatic Transmissibility of COVID-19 Patients

## 1.  Data
### 1) Abstract

- We collected information from all confirmed patients in this wave (a total of 1,342 individuals), as well as a follow-up investigation related to all detected asymptomatic infections to distinguish between asymptomatic and pre-symptomatic cases. Collected Data included individual-level symptom onset dates of symptomatic infections, confirmation dates, and ages of symptomatic and asymptomatic patients. Worth noting is that all patients in this period are infected by early types of the SARS-CoV-2 virus.

- We also obtained contact matrices, susceptibility parameters, and populations of different age groups in Zhejiang province from existing literature. 

### 2) Availability
The data to reproduce our results are available.

### 3) Data dictionary
The data is incorporated in "ALL_dat.rda" in the "Data" file, which includes contact matrices, susceptibility parameters, populations of different age groups, initial cases for all compartments, daily cases for seven age groups, and observed periods of symptomatic transmission for all age groups.

----
## 2. Code
### 1) Abstract
We employed the age-related model and two basic models (mentioned in the main text) to conduct simulations and data analysis, respectively.

### 2) Reproducibility
- The simulations in Section 3 in the main text (and Table 1 and Figure 3  in the main text) were produced by running "Simulation.R" with the initial setting generated by "Sim_setting.R".
- The model estimation and comparison in Section 4 were conducted by running "Running_case_study.R".
- The sensitivity analyses (with Figures 2-5 in Supporting Information) were implemented by running "Sensitivity analysis.R". 
- The rest of the figures and tables in the main text and Supporting Information were obtained by running "Plot_case_study.R".
